[Breaking change] Support MQE in the Alerting. (#11262)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-alarm.md

- **Endpoint Relation**: {Source endpoint name} in {Source Service name} to {Dest endpoint name} in {Dest service name}

## Rules
An alerting rule is made up of the following elements:
- **Rule name**. A unique name shown in the alarm message. It must end with `_rule`.

> - **Expression**. A [MQE](../../api/metrics-query-expression.md) expression that defines the condition of the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Expression**. A [MQE](../../api/metrics-query-expression.md) expression that defines the conditions of the rule.
```

The result type must be `SINGLE_VALUE` and the root operation of the expression must be a [Compare Operation](../../api/metrics-query-expression.md#compare-operation) which provides `1`(true) or `0`(false) result.
When the result is `1`(true), the alarm will be triggered.

> For example, `avg(service_resp_time / 1000) > 1` is a valid expression for alarm, but `avg(service_resp_time > 1000) + 1` and `service_resp_time > 1000` is not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `avg(service_resp_time / 1000) > 1` is a valid expression to indicate the request latency is slower than 1s. The typical illegal expressions are
    - `avg(service_resp_time > 1000) + 1` expression doesn't use `compare operation`
    - `service_resp_time > 1000` expression return a `TIME_SERIES_VALUES` type of values rather than a `SINGLE_VALUE` value.
```

> The metrics name in the expression see the [list of all potential metrics name](#list-of-all-potential-metrics-name).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metrics names in the expression could be found in the [list of all potential metrics name](#list-of-all-potential-metrics-name) doc.
```

- **Endpoint Relation**: {Source endpoint name} in {Source Service name} to {Dest endpoint name} in {Dest service name}

## Rules
An alerting rule is made up of the following elements:
- **Rule name**. A unique name shown in the alarm message. It must end with `_rule`.
- **Expression**. A [MQE](../../api/metrics-query-expression.md) expression that defines the conditions of the rule.
The result type must be `SINGLE_VALUE` and the root operation of the expression must be a [Compare Operation](../../api/metrics-query-expression.md#compare-operation) which provides `1`(true) or `0`(false) result.
When the result is `1`(true), the alarm will be triggered.
For example, `avg(service_resp_time / 1000) > 1` is a valid expression to indicate the request latency is slower than 1s. The typical illegal expressions are
    - `avg(service_resp_time > 1000) + 1` expression doesn't use `compare operation`
    - `service_resp_time > 1000` expression return a `TIME_SERIES_VALUES` type of values rather than a `SINGLE_VALUE` value.

> The metrics names in the expression could be found in the [list of all potential metrics name](#list-of-all-potential-metrics-name) doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The metrics names in the expression could be found in the [list of all potential metrics name](#list-of-all-potential-metrics-name) doc.
```
